1.	What makes a good Full Stack Engineer and how do you fit that criteria?

A good full stack engineer should be an avid learner.  I get excited every time I learn something new, 
and even more excited when I realize that there are multiple alternatives for completing that same task.  





2.	What are your top three technical skills and why?


3 of my most enduring technical skills are;
Programming language independency, system planning and design, and an algorithmic thought process.   

I am proud of not being devoted to any one language or technology.  
By working hard to attain a sound foundational knowledge of CS, I can easily adapt from one language to another.

Planning and designing a system or component, for me,  starts with a dry erase board or pen and paper.  
I found early on that if I could draw the logic of a system then I could develop it.   

And an algorithmic thought process aids in my ability to break complex tasks into smaller, repeatable, 
 and more manageable segments that can lead to the discovery of latent patterns for optimization. 







3.	Name a challenge you overcame in a professional setting or on a project.

A challenge that I overcame on a project was one where I was tasked with creating a full testing suite 
for a large web based application.  I had no experience in the language nor the testing technology
that I was tasked with.  I had to research and network with individuals that were able to 
provide insight in both areas.  This lead to perspiration and dedication 
at maximum efforts.  

The final outcome for my efforts was successfully completing and exceeding the given requirements for the project and task.
I produced a final testing suite that covered 80% of the written code, and 100% of the executable functions with in that code.






4.	Think about the most exciting and energizing aspect of your current position. What do you enjoy about it and why?

One exciting aspect of my current position at Talent Path is the prospect of learning, 
but even more so is helping.  When team members have an impediment that I can assist with, or provide any insight with,
it energizes me to take action and give back where I can.

